 Bloomberg the Company & Its Products
[http://www.bloomberg.com/company/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
Bloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere Login
[https://bba.bloomberg.net/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]Bloomberg
Terminal Demo Request
[http://www.bloomberg.com/professional/request-demo/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom&bbgsum=DG-WS-PROF-DEMO-bbgmenu] 
  *  BLOOMBERG
   Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and
   ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial
   information, news and insight around the world.
   
   FOR CUSTOMERS
   Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login
   [https://bba.bloomberg.net/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
   Software Updates
   [http://www.bloomberg.com/professional/downloads/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
   Manage Products and Account Information
   [http://service.bloomberg.com/portal/sessions/new?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom] 
    SUPPORT
   Americas+1 212 318 2000
   
   EMEA+44 20 7330 7500
   
   Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000
   
   
 *  COMPANY
    * Bloomberg London
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/company/london/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * About
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/company/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Careers
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/careers/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Diversity and Inclusion
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/diversity-inclusion/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Philanthropy and Engagement
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/philanthropy/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Sustainability
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/bcause/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Tech
      [http://www.techatbloomberg.com/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
   
   COMMUNICATIONS
    * Press Announcements
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/company/announcements/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Press Contacts
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/company/press-contacts/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
   
   FOLLOW
   Facebook [http://www.facebook.com/Bloomberglp]Twitter
   [https://twitter.com/bloomberg]LinkedIn
   [https://www.linkedin.com/company/2494]Instagram
   [https://www.instagram.com/bloomberg/] 
 *  PRODUCTS
    * Bloomberg Terminal
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/professional/solution/bloomberg-terminal/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom&bbgsum=DG-WS-PROF-SOLU-TERMINAL-bbgmenu]
    * Execution and Order Management
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/solution/execution-order-management/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom&bbgsum=DG-WS-PROF-SOLU-EXORDMGMT-bbgmenu]
    * Data and Content
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/solution/data-and-content/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom&bbgsum=DG-WS-PROF-SOLU-DATACONT-bbgmenu]
    * Financial Data Management
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/solution/financial-data-management/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom&bbgsum=DG-WS-PROF-SOLU-FINDATA-bbgmenu]
    * Integration and Distribution
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/solution/integration-and-distribution/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom&bbgsum=DG-WS-PROF-SOLU-INTEGDIST-bbgmenu]
    * Bloomberg Tradebook
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/solution/tradebook/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom&bbgsum=DG-WS-PROF-SOLU-TBOOK-bbgmenu]
   
   INDUSTRY PRODUCTS
    * Bloomberg Law
      [https://www.bna.com/bloomberglaw/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Tax
      [https://www.bna.com/tax?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Government
      [http://about.bgov.com/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Environment
      [https://www.bna.com/ehs/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg New Energy Finance
      [http://about.bnef.com/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
   
   
 *  MEDIA
    * Bloomberg Markets
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Technology
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/technology/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Pursuits
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Politics
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/politics/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Opinion
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/view/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Businessweek
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/businessweek/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Live Conferences
      [http://www.bloomberglive.com/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Apps
      [https://www.bloombergapps.com/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Radio
      [https://www.bloombergradio.com/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Television
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/live?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * News Bureaus
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/company/news-bureaus/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
   
   MEDIA SERVICES
    * Bloomberg Media Distribution
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/distribution?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Advertising
      [http://www.bloombergmedia.com/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
   
   

 *  COMPANY
    * Bloomberg London
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/company/london/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * About
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/company/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Careers
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/careers/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Diversity and Inclusion
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/diversity-inclusion/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Philanthropy and Engagement
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/philanthropy/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Sustainability
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/bcause/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Tech
      [http://www.techatbloomberg.com/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
   
   COMMUNICATIONS
    * Press Announcements
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/company/announcements/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Press Contacts
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/company/press-contacts/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
   
   FOLLOW
    * Facebook [http://www.facebook.com/Bloomberglp]
    * Twitter [https://twitter.com/bloomberg]
    * LinkedIn [https://www.linkedin.com/company/2494]
    * Instagram [https://www.instagram.com/bloomberg/]
   
   
 *  PRODUCTS
    * Bloomberg Terminal
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/professional/solution/bloomberg-terminal/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom&bbgsum=DG-WS-PROF-SOLU-TERMINAL-bbgmenu]
    * Execution and Order Management
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/solution/execution-order-management/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom&bbgsum=DG-WS-PROF-SOLU-EXORDMGMT-bbgmenu]
    * Data and Content
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/solution/data-and-content/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom&bbgsum=DG-WS-PROF-SOLU-DATACONT-bbgmenu]
    * Financial Data Management
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/solution/financial-data-management/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom&bbgsum=DG-WS-PROF-SOLU-FINDATA-bbgmenu]
    * Integration and Distribution
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/solution/integration-and-distribution/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom&bbgsum=DG-WS-PROF-SOLU-INTEGDIST-bbgmenu]
    * Bloomberg Tradebook
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/solution/tradebook/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom&bbgsum=DG-WS-PROF-SOLU-TBOOK-bbgmenu]
   
   INDUSTRY PRODUCTS
    * Bloomberg Law
      [https://www.bna.com/bloomberglaw/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Tax
      [https://www.bna.com/tax?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Government
      [http://about.bgov.com/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Environment
      [https://www.bna.com/ehs/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg New Energy Finance
      [http://about.bnef.com/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
   
   
 *  MEDIA
    * Bloomberg Markets
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Technology
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/technology/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Pursuits
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Politics
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/politics/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Opinion
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/view/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Businessweek
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/businessweek/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Live Conferences
      [http://www.bloomberglive.com/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Apps
      [https://www.bloombergapps.com/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Radio
      [https://www.bloombergradio.com/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Bloomberg Television
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/live?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * News Bureaus
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/company/news-bureaus/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
   
   MEDIA SERVICES
    * Bloomberg Media Distribution
      [http://www.bloomberg.com/distribution?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
    * Advertising
      [http://www.bloombergmedia.com/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
   
   
 *  BLOOMBERG
   Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and
   ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial
   information, news and insight around the world.
   
   FOR CUSTOMERS
   Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login
   [https://bba.bloomberg.net/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
   Software Updates
   [http://www.bloomberg.com/professional/downloads/?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom]
   Manage Contracts and Orders
   [http://service.bloomberg.com/portal/sessions/new?utm_source=bloomberg-menu&utm_medium=bcom] 
    SUPPORT
   Americas+1 212 318 2000
   
   EMEA+44 20 7330 7500
   
   Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000
   
   

 MENU [HTTP://WWW.BLOOMBERG.COM/] 
 [HTTP://WWW.BLOOMBERG.COM/TECHNOLOGY] 
FACEBOOK DELAYS HOME-SPEAKER UNVEIL AMID DATA CRISIS
 *   *  About The Company [https://www.bloomberg.com/company/] 
    *  Bloomberg London [https://www.bloomberg.com/company/london] 
   
   
 *  Homepage [http://www.bloomberg.com/] 
 *  Markets [http://www.bloomberg.com/markets]  *  Stocks [https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/stocks] 
    *  Currencies [https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/currencies] 
    *  Fixed Income [https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/fixed-income] 
    *  ETFs [https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/etfs] 
    *  Commodities [https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/commodities] 
    *  Rates + Bonds [https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/rates-bonds] 
    *  Economics [https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/economics] 
    *  Magazine [https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/markets-magazine] 
    *  Benchmark [https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/benchmark] 
    *  Watchlist [https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/watchlist] 
    *  Economic Calendar [https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/economic-calendar] 
   
   
 *  Tech [http://www.bloomberg.com/technology]  *  U.S. [https://www.bloomberg.com/topics/silicon-valley] 
    *  Global [https://www.bloomberg.com/topics/global-tech] 
    *  Startups [https://www.bloomberg.com/topics/startups] 
    *  Bloomberg Technology TV
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/shows/bloomberg-technology] 
    *  Gadgets With Gurman
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/special-reports/gadgets-with-gurman] 
    *  Digital Defense
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/special-reports/digital-defense] 
    *  Studio 1.0 [https://www.bloomberg.com/studio-1] 
    *  Focus On: Infrastructure
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/special-reports/focus-on-infrastructure] 
   
   
 *  Pursuits [http://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits]  *  Cars & Bikes [https://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits/cars-bikes] 
    *  Style & Grooming [https://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits/style-grooming] 
    *  Spend [https://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits/spend] 
    *  Watches & Gadgets [https://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits/watches-gadgets] 
    *  Food & Drinks [https://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits/food-drinks] 
    *  Travel [https://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits/travel] 
    *  Real Estate [https://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits/real-estate] 
    *  Art & Design [https://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits/art-design] 
    *  Brilliant Ideas [https://www.bloomberg.com/shows/brilliant-ideas] 
   
   
 *  Politics [http://www.bloomberg.com/politics]  *  Global Risk Briefing
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/global-risk-briefing/] 
    *  All Signs Point to Big Democratic Wins in 2018
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2018-midterm-elections-preview/] 
    *  Trump Takes Credit for Killing Hundreds of Regulations That Were Already
      Dead
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2017-12-11/trump-takes-credit-for-killing-hundreds-of-regulations-that-were-already-dead] 
       
    *  How China’s Top Leaders Came Into Power
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2017-china-party-congress/] 
    *  How the Populist Right Is Redrawing the Map of Europe
      [https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2017-europe-populist-right/] 
   
   
 *  Opinion  *  View [https://www.bloomberg.com/view/] 
    *  Gadfly [https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/] 
   
   
 *  Businessweek [http://www.bloomberg.com/businessweek]  *  Latest Issue [https://www.bloomberg.com/magazine/businessweek/18_14] 
    *  Debrief Podcast [https://www.bloomberg.com/podcasts/debrief] 
    *  Subscribe
      [https://subscribe.businessweek.com/servlet/OrdersGateway?cds_mag_code=BWK&cds_page_id=221240&source=coverstoryrail] 
       
   
   
 *  More  *  Crypto [https://www.bloomberg.com/crypto] 
    *  Hyperdrive [https://www.bloomberg.com/hyperdrive] 
    *  Climate Changed [https://www.bloomberg.com/climate-changed] 
    *  Focus On: Women [https://www.bloomberg.com/international-womens-day-2018] 
       
    *  Graphics [https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics] 
    *  Billionaires [https://www.bloomberg.com/billionaires/] 
    *  Personal Finance [https://www.bloomberg.com/personal-finance] 
    *  Inspire GO [https://www.bloomberg.com/segments/inspire-go] 
    *  Sponsored Content [https://www.bloomberg.com/sponsor/partnerships/] 
    *  Send Tips [https://www.bloomberg.com/tips/] 
   
   
 *  Sign In [https://login.bloomberg.com/?in_source=login_direct] 
 *  

Sign In [https://login.bloomberg.com/login?in_source=login_direct] Subscribe to
Businessweek [http://businessweekmag.com/navbartechtextlink] Share on Facebook
[http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.bloomberg.com%2Fnews%2Farticles%2F2018-03-28%2Ffacebook-is-said-to-delay-home-speaker-unveil-amid-data-crisis]
 Share on Twitter
[https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.bloomberg.com%2Fnews%2Farticles%2F2018-03-28%2Ffacebook-is-said-to-delay-home-speaker-unveil-amid-data-crisis&text=Facebook%20has%20decided%20not%20to%20unveil%20its%20new%20home%20speaker%20in%20May%20in%20part%20because%20of%20public%20outrage%20o...&via=technology]
 Share on Linkedin
[http://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?title=Facebook%20Delays%20Home-Speaker%20Unveil%20Amid%20Data%20Crisis&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.bloomberg.com%2Fnews%2Farticles%2F2018-03-28%2Ffacebook-is-said-to-delay-home-speaker-unveil-amid-data-crisis]
 Share on Reddit
[http://reddit.com/submit?title=Facebook%20Delays%20Home-Speaker%20Unveil%20Amid%20Data%20Crisis&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.bloomberg.com%2Fnews%2Farticles%2F2018-03-28%2Ffacebook-is-said-to-delay-home-speaker-unveil-amid-data-crisis]
 Share on Google+
[https://plus.google.com/share?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.bloomberg.com%2Fnews%2Farticles%2F2018-03-28%2Ffacebook-is-said-to-delay-home-speaker-unveil-amid-data-crisis]
 QUICK LINKS
Before it’s here, it’s on the Bloomberg Terminal
[http://bloom.bg/dg-ws-core-bcom-a1] FACEBOOK DELAYS HOME-SPEAKER UNVEIL AMID
DATA CRISIS
By Sarah Frier @sarahfrier [https://www.twitter.com/sarahfrier] More stories by
Sarah Frier [https://www.bloomberg.com/authors/AP-41JG4_zk/sarah-frier] 
2018年3月28日 GMT+8 上午8:34  *  Social network had hoped to show off devices at F8 in May 
 *  Company still plans to launch products later this year 

[./Facebook Delays Home-Speaker Unveil Amid Data Crisis - Bloomberg_files/1000x-1.jpg]
 The Facebook Inc. logo is displayed on an Apple Inc. iPad Air in this arranged
photograph in Washington, D.C., U.S., on Monday, Jan. 27, 2014. Photographer:
Andrew Harrer Facebook Inc. [https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/FB:US] has decided not to unveil
new home products at its major developer conference in May, in part because the
public is currently so outraged about the social network’s data-privacy
practices, according to people familiar with the matter.

The company’s new hardware products, connected speakers with digital-assistant
and video-chat capabilities, are undergoing a deeper review to ensure that they
make the right trade-offs regarding user data, the people said. While the
hardware wasn’t expected to be available until the fall, the company had hoped
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-08-01/facebook-is-said-to-work-on-video-chat-device-in-hardware-push] 
to preview the devices at the largest annual gathering of Facebook developers,
said the people, who asked not to be named discussing internal plans.

The devices are part of Facebook’s plan to become more intimately involved with
users’ everyday social lives, using artificial intelligence -- following a path
forged by Amazon.com Inc. and its Echo in-home smart speakers. As concerns
escalate about Facebook’s collection and use of personal data, now may be the
wrong time to ask consumers to trust it with even more information by placing a
connected device in their homes. A Facebook spokeswoman declined to comment.

Facebook has faced a public reckoning this month about its treatment of user
data, sparked by reports that political-advertising firm Cambridge Analytica
obtained information on 50 million users without their permission. The reports
spiraled into a crisis for Facebook, which is sending Chief Executive Officer
Mark Zuckerberg to testify in front of Congress on privacy in the coming weeks.

The social-media company had already found in focus-group testing that users
were concerned about a Facebook-branded device in their living rooms, given how
much intimate data the social network collects. Facebook still plans to launch
the devices later this year.

At the developer conference, set for May 1, the company will also need to
explain new, more restrictive rules around what kinds of information app makers
can collect on their users via Facebook’s service. The Menlo Park,
California-based company said in a blog post
[https://developers.facebook.com/blog/post/2018/03/26/facebook-platform-changes/] 
this week that for developers, the changes “are not easy,” but are important to
“mitigate any breach of trust with the broader developer ecosystem.”

— With assistance by Mark Gurman


QUOTES FROM THIS ARTICLE
Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE
[https://bloom.bg/dg-ws-core-bcom-a1] Have a confidential news tip? Get in touch
with our reporters. [https://www.bloomberg.com/tips/] 
[https://popup.taboola.com/en/?template=colorbox&utm_source=bloomberg&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=ab_thumbnails-d_abp-sc:Below%20Article%20Thumbnails:] 
[https://popup.taboola.com/en/?template=colorbox&utm_source=bloomberg&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=ab_thumbnails-d_abp-sc:Below%20Article%20Thumbnails:]
by Taboola
[https://popup.taboola.com/en/?template=colorbox&utm_source=bloomberg&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=ab_thumbnails-d_abp-sc:Below%20Article%20Thumbnails:]
by Taboola
[https://popup.taboola.com/en/?template=colorbox&utm_source=bloomberg&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=ab_thumbnails-d_abp-sc:Below%20Article%20Thumbnails:]
Sponsored Links
[https://popup.taboola.com/en/?template=colorbox&utm_source=bloomberg&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=ab_thumbnails-d_abp-sc:Below%20Article%20Thumbnails:]
Sponsored Links
[https://popup.taboola.com/en/?template=colorbox&utm_source=bloomberg&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=ab_thumbnails-d_abp-sc:Below%20Article%20Thumbnails:]
Promoted Links
[https://popup.taboola.com/en/?template=colorbox&utm_source=bloomberg&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=ab_thumbnails-d_abp-sc:Below%20Article%20Thumbnails:]
Promoted Links
[https://popup.taboola.com/en/?template=colorbox&utm_source=bloomberg&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=ab_thumbnails-d_abp-sc:Below%20Article%20Thumbnails:]
From The WebSave70.com
[http://www.save70.com/hotels/?utm_source=taboola_hotels_wl_1&utm_medium=bloomberg]
Hotel Prices You Will Not Believe ExistSave70.com
[http://www.save70.com/hotels/?utm_source=taboola_hotels_wl_1&utm_medium=bloomberg]
Delta Wars
[https://www.5.deltawars.com/?r=tabdw5wwa&utm_source=taboola&utm_medium=referral]
Play this Game for 1 Minute and see why everyone is addictedDelta Wars
[https://www.5.deltawars.com/?r=tabdw5wwa&utm_source=taboola&utm_medium=referral]
FlightFinder
[http://theflightfinder.com/?utm_source=taboola&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=TB-FF-WW-DT&utm_term=bloomberg]
New Site Finds the Cheapest Flights in Seconds!FlightFinder
[http://theflightfinder.com/?utm_source=taboola&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=TB-FF-WW-DT&utm_term=bloomberg]
Save70.com [http://www.save70.com/?utm_source=clicktraffic_whitelist_flights_2]
Flight Prices You're Not Allowed to See!Save70.com
[http://www.save70.com/?utm_source=clicktraffic_whitelist_flights_2]Delta Wars
[https://www.marsbattle.com/?r=tabmb1wwa&utm_source=taboola&utm_medium=referral]
Play this mars game for 1 minute and see why everyone is addictedDelta Wars
[https://www.marsbattle.com/?r=tabmb1wwa&utm_source=taboola&utm_medium=referral]
Lastmin-Flights
[http://lastmin-flights.com/?utm_source=Taboola_LMF_Desktop_WW_WL_site_bloomberg&utm_term=bloomberg&utm_campaign=Taboola_LMF_Desktop_WW_WL]
Book Flights Last Minute For Huge Savings!Lastmin-Flights
[http://lastmin-flights.com/?utm_source=Taboola_LMF_Desktop_WW_WL_site_bloomberg&utm_term=bloomberg&utm_campaign=Taboola_LMF_Desktop_WW_WL]
 LIVE ON BLOOMBERG Watch Live TV [https://www.bloomberg.com/live] Listen to Live
Radio [https://www.bloomberg.com/audio] Play VideoPlayMuteCurrent Time
0:00:31/Duration Time -:-:-Loaded: 0%Progress: 0% Stream TypeLIVERemaining Time
--:-:- Playback Rate1 * Chapters Chapters * captions settings, opens captions
settings dialog * captions off, selected CaptionsFullscreenThis is a modal
window. Caption Settings DialogBeginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel
and close the
window.TextColorWhiteBlackRedGreenBlueYellowMagentaCyanTransparencyOpaque
Semi-TransparentBackgroundColorBlackWhiteRedGreenBlueYellowMagentaCyan
TransparencyOpaqueSemi-TransparentTransparentWindowColorBlackWhiteRedGreenBlue
YellowMagentaCyanTransparencyTransparentSemi-TransparentOpaqueFont Size50%75%
100%125%150%175%200%300%400%Text Edge StyleNoneRaisedDepressedUniformDropshadow
Font FamilyProportional Sans-SerifMonospace Sans-SerifProportional Serif
Monospace SerifCasualScriptSmall CapsDefaultsDonePlay Again
[https://www.bloomberg.com/live] Most Read  1.  Tech Rout Punishes U.S. Stocks as Treasuries Surge: Markets Wrap
    [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-26/asia-stocks-to-follow-u-s-higher-dollar-slips-markets-wrap]
     
 2.  Google Could Owe Oracle $8.8 Billion in Android Fight
    [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/oracle-wins-revival-of-billion-dollar-case-against-google]
     
 3.  ‘Flying Whale’ Blimp That Never Lands Joins Global Airship Race
    [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/-flying-whale-blimp-that-never-lands-joins-global-airship-race]
     
 4.  Tesla Shares Plunge on Mounting Model 3 Doubts, Crash Probe
    [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/tesla-s-stock-and-debt-drop-as-model-3-lags-u-s-probes-crash]
     
 5.  Stocks Jump in Best Day Since 2015 as Dollar Falls: Markets Wrap
    [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-25/asia-stocks-signal-more-losses-amid-trade-tensions-markets-wrap]
     
 6.  

[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2018-03-27/ad-scammers-need-suckers-and-facebook-helps-find-them] 
 How Facebook Helps Shady Advertisers Pollute the Internet
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2018-03-27/ad-scammers-need-suckers-and-facebook-helps-find-them] 
 by Zeke Faux  *  Zuckerberg Expected to Appear Before House Committee
   [https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2018-03-27/facebook-ceo-is-said-expected-to-appear-before-house-committee] 
    

 *  Zuckerberg Expected to Appear Before House Committee
   [https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2018-03-27/facebook-ceo-is-said-expected-to-appear-before-house-committee] 
    

Tech Newsletter Get Fully Charged, featuring insights from our reporters around
the world Sign Up Podcast: Decrypted Unlocking the hidden stories in the global
technology industry SUBSCRIBE
[https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/decrypted/id1161880916?mt=2] GLOBAL NEWS
 *  FACEBOOK DELAYS HOME-SPEAKER UNVEIL AMID DATA CRISIS
   [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-28/facebook-is-said-to-delay-home-speaker-unveil-amid-data-crisis] 
    2 hours ago 
 *  TESLA CUT BY MOODY'S ON PRODUCTION ISSUES, LIQUIDITY CONCERNS
   [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/tesla-cut-by-moody-s-on-production-issues-liquidity-concerns] 
    4 hours ago 
 *  JPMORGAN IS HIRING MORE TECH AND MATH GRADS IN ASIA
   [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/jpmorgan-looks-beyond-finance-to-hire-tech-math-grads-in-asia] 
    4 hours ago 
 *  UBER WILL LET CALIFORNIA AUTONOMOUS-VEHICLE LICENSE EXPIRE
   [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/uber-will-let-california-autonomous-vehicle-license-expire] 
    5 hours ago 
 *  SINGAPORE SEES ASIA AS A GROWTH FAVORITE AMID TRADE WAR FEARS
   [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/singapore-sees-asia-as-silver-lining-amid-u-s-china-trade-war] 
    5 hours ago 
 *  LULULEMON JUMPS AS GROWTH QUELLS FEARS ABOUT EMPTY CEO SUITE
   [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/lululemon-surges-after-growth-quells-fears-about-empty-ceo-suite] 
    6 hours ago 
 *  UPSTART SEEKS $100 MILLION, TESTING VCS’ APPETITE FOR ONLINE LENDING
   [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/upstart-seeks-100-million-testing-vcs-appetite-for-online-lending] 
    7 hours ago 
 *  CAMBRIDGE ANALYTICA SAGA ENSNARES A TINY CANADIAN DATA SHOP
   [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/tiny-canadian-firm-is-linked-to-big-cambridge-analytica-scandal] 
    7 hours ago 
 *  TECHNOLOGY STOCKS TUMBLE AGAIN IN SUDDEN AFTERNOON SELLOFF
   [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/tech-stocks-tumble-again-in-sudden-wave-of-afternoon-selling] 
    7 hours ago 
 *  NVIDIA DECLINES AFTER SUSPENDING SELF-DRIVING CAR TESTING
   [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/nvidia-declines-after-suspending-self-driving-car-testing] 
    9 hours ago 
 *  WAYMO AND JAGUAR TEAM UP WITH 20,000 CAR SELF-DRIVING FLEET
   [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/waymo-and-jaguar-team-up-with-20-000-car-self-driving-fleet] 
    12 hours ago 
 *  BMW SUED BY U.S. DIESEL DRIVERS OVER EMISSIONS-TEST CHEATING
   [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/bmw-sued-for-installing-defeat-devices-in-u-s-diesel-cars] 
    12 hours ago 
 *  GOOGLE COULD OWE ORACLE $8.8 BILLION IN ANDROID FIGHT
   [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/oracle-wins-revival-of-billion-dollar-case-against-google] 
    13 hours ago 
 *  HUAWEI UNVEILS ITS IPHONE X CHALLENGER
   [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/huawei-unveils-iphone-x-challenger-as-u-s-criticism-piles-up] 
    13 hours ago 
 *  SUNNY OPTICAL IS EMERGING AS ASIA'S HOTTEST STOCK
   [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/selfie-moment-for-sunny-optical-as-it-becomes-asia-s-top-stock] 
    20 hours ago 

[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/apple-pursues-google-in-education-with-299-ipad-new-software] 
 APPLE PURSUES GOOGLE IN EDUCATION WITH $299 IPAD, NEW SOFTWARE
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/apple-pursues-google-in-education-with-299-ipad-new-software] 
 by Mark Gurman 
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/videos/2018-03-27/waymo-and-jaguar-video] WAYMO
AND JAGUAR TO FORM 20,000 FLEET OF SELF-DRIVING CARS
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/videos/2018-03-27/waymo-and-jaguar-video] 
TECHNOLOGY STOCKS TUMBLE AGAIN IN SUDDEN AFTERNOON SELLOFF
By Lu Wang @luwangnyc [https://www.twitter.com/luwangnyc] More stories by Lu
Wang [https://www.bloomberg.com/authors/ADsAO0Dt_CM/lu-wang] and Sarah Ponczek 
@SarahPonczek [https://www.twitter.com/SarahPonczek] More stories by Sarah
Ponczek [https://www.bloomberg.com/authors/AS_GyUlNlI4/sarah-ponczek] 2018年3月28日
GMT+8 上午3:09 Updated on 2018年3月28日 GMT+8 上午4:19  *  Nvidia, Facebook lead retreat as bad news keeps coming 
 *  Tech’s decline triples S&P 500’s next worst performing group 

[./Facebook Delays Home-Speaker Unveil Amid Data Crisis - Bloomberg_files/640x-1.jpg]
 [./Facebook Delays Home-Speaker Unveil Amid Data Crisis - Bloomberg_files/play-076012604d.svg]
 MFS Investment's Swanson Expects U.S. Recession in About a Year

Blame it on tech stocks -- again.

Thanks to fresh blows to companies from Nvidia Corp. to Facebook Inc., the
biggest industry in the S&P 500 Index dropped 3.5 percent, the biggest decline
since the broad market selloff reached its worst point on Feb. 8. The Nasdaq 100
Index sank for a ninth decline in 11 days. Facebook gave up gains to slump 4.9
percent, with Mark Zuckerberg expected
[https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2018-03-27/facebook-ceo-is-said-expected-to-appear-before-house-committee] 
to appear before a House committee in the latest development in the company’s
escalating privacy scandal.

[./Facebook Delays Home-Speaker Unveil Amid Data Crisis - Bloomberg_files/60x-1.png]
While the loss pales in comparison to last week’s worst tumble since 2015, the
renewed weakness underscores the vulnerability in an industry whose growth
prospects have lured investors, spurring stock gains that have doubled the
market in the past three years. That leadership has repeatedly been threatened
in the past year as the government stepped up regulations and strategists warned
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-26/morgan-stanley-warns-of-momentum-trap-for-rebounding-tech-stocks] 
over the risk of momentum unwinding.

“Growth was the thing to buy,” said Gary Bradshaw, a portfolio manager at Hodges
Capital Management in Dallas. “Now the markets are starting to see some chips in
the armor. The market is questioning the steadiness of the technology sector,
although we still think it’s going to be just fine.”

Most pronounced was the selloff in the FANG block of tech shares and its megacap
brethren. The NYSE FANG+ index plunged 5.6 percent, its biggest drop on record.

Facebook, under growing criticism that the social media company has failed to
protect user privacy, extended its worst quarterly decline since 2012 as Chief
Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg is expected to testify before the U.S. House
Energy and Commerce Committee. The stock tumbled 4.9 percent, closing at the
lowest level since July.

Nvidia, the graphics-chip maker that has been seeking to expand in the
automotive market, fell 7.8 percent after temporarily suspending its
self-driving vehicle testing.

In other tech moves:

 * Twitter tumbled 12 percent after Citron disclosed a short bet on the stock
   and said the company is the most vulnerable to “privacy regulation” among
   social media peers.
 * Netflix, the second-best performing stock in the S&P 500 this year, fell 6.1
   percent in a rare pullback. The stock is still up 57 percent for the year.
 * Apple Inc. held up the best among tech megacaps, although it still fell 2.6
   percent, after releasing a new iPad focused on schools and a new education
   service called Schoolwork at an event in Chicago.

— With assistance by Elena Popina, and Jeran Wittenstein


QUOTES FROM THIS ARTICLE
Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE
[https://bloom.bg/dg-ws-core-bcom-a1] Have a confidential news tip? Get in touch
with our reporters. [https://www.bloomberg.com/tips/] Most Read  1.  Tech Rout Punishes U.S. Stocks as Treasuries Surge: Markets Wrap
    [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-26/asia-stocks-to-follow-u-s-higher-dollar-slips-markets-wrap]
     
 2.  Google Could Owe Oracle $8.8 Billion in Android Fight
    [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/oracle-wins-revival-of-billion-dollar-case-against-google]
     
 3.  ‘Flying Whale’ Blimp That Never Lands Joins Global Airship Race
    [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/-flying-whale-blimp-that-never-lands-joins-global-airship-race]
     
 4.  Tesla Shares Plunge on Mounting Model 3 Doubts, Crash Probe
    [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/tesla-s-stock-and-debt-drop-as-model-3-lags-u-s-probes-crash]
     
 5.  Stocks Jump in Best Day Since 2015 as Dollar Falls: Markets Wrap
    [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-25/asia-stocks-signal-more-losses-amid-trade-tensions-markets-wrap]
     
 6.  

Terms of Service [http://www.bloomberg.com/tos] Trademarks
[http://www.bloomberg.com/trademarks] Privacy Policy
[http://www.bloomberg.com/privacy] ©2018 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved 
Careers [http://www.bloomberg.com/careers/?utm_source=dotcom&utm_medium=footer] 
Made in NYC [http://nytm.org/made-in-nyc] Advertise [http://bloombergmedia.com/] 
 Ad Choices [http://www.bloomberg.com/privacy#advertisements] Website Feedback
[http://www.bloomberg.com/feedback] Help [http://www.bloomberg.com/help] <iframe
src='https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MNTH5N' height='0'
width='0' style='display:none;visibility:hidden'></iframe> <div
style="position:fixed; top:0; left:0; display:none" width="1" height="1"> <img
src="//collector-PX8FCGYgk4.perimeterx.net/api/v1/collector/noScript.gif?appId=PX8FCGYgk4">
</div><p style="margin:0;padding:0;border:0;"> <img
src="https://a2.adform.net/Serving/TrackPoint/?pm=1118168&amp;ADFPageName=window.location.pathname&amp;ADFdivider=|"
width="1" height="1" alt=""> </p><img
src="//bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=5820275&amp;Ver=2" height="0" width="0"
style="display:none; visibility: hidden;"><img height="1" width="1"
style="display:none"
src="https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=114475372488961&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1"> 
 <img height="1" width="1" style="display:none;" alt=""
src="https://dc.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=155577&amp;fmt=gif"> [https://bcp.crwdcntrl.net/map/c=12393/tp=BLGA/tpid=UA-11413116-1]
<img height="1" width="1" style="display:none"
src="https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=407225039721182&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1"> 
 <img height="1" width="1" style="display:none"
src="https://q.quora.com/_/ad/7f95fe1a74cb492e8656a1e2ab719ad4/pixel?tag=ViewContent&amp;noscript=1">[./Facebook Delays Home-Speaker Unveil Amid Data Crisis - Bloomberg_files/0]
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.[https://bcp.crwdcntrl.net/map/c=12392/tp=BLPI/tpid=891df4ad-71b0-4b5f-b449-025dda8221df][https://bcp.crwdcntrl.net/map/c=12392/tp=BLPI/tpid=891df4ad-71b0-4b5f-b449-025dda8221df][https://bcp.crwdcntrl.net/5/c=12441/b=49472751/rand=1029]
 Bloomberg [http://www.bloomberg.com/] CLOSE Video
[http://www.bloomberg.com/live] 
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/videos/2018-03-28/australian-cricketers-sent-home-over-cheating-plot-video] 
 Australian Cricketers Sent Home Over Cheating Plot
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/videos/2018-03-28/australian-cricketers-sent-home-over-cheating-plot-video] 
 Audio [http://www.bloomberg.com/audio] How Facebook Enabled Scam Advertisers
Via Affiliate Marketers
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/audio/2018-03-27/how-facebook-enabled-scam-advertisers-via-affiliate-marketers-jf9ue5fy] 
 Live TV [http://www.bloomberg.com/live] Schedules+Shows
[http://www.bloomberg.com/live/schedule-shows] Businessweek
[http://www.bloomberg.com/businessweek] 
[https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjWHBFdfxIU/i94OaEeRjdMA/v0/190x-1.jpg]
[http://www.bloomberg.com/businessweek] Paul Ford: Facebook Is Why We Need a
Digital Protection Agency
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-21/paul-ford-facebook-is-why-we-need-a-digital-protection-agency] 
 Updated 4 days ago Subscribe
[https://subscribe.businessweek.com/servlet/OrdersGateway?cds_mag_code=BWK&cds_page_id=221240&source=hpmegamenu] 
 Markets [http://www.bloomberg.com/markets] Stocks
[https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/stocks] Currencies
[https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/currencies] Fixed Income
[https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/fixed-income] ETFs
[https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/etfs] Commodities
[https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/commodities] Rates + Bonds
[https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/rates-bonds] Economics
[https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/economics] Magazine
[https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/markets-magazine] Benchmark
[https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/benchmark] Watchlist
[https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/watchlist] Economic Calendar
[https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/economic-calendar] Technology
[http://www.bloomberg.com/technology] Mark Zuckerberg Will Testify Before
Congress
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/videos/2018-03-27/facebook-ceo-said-to-testify-before-house-committee-on-april-12-video] 
 Mar 27, 2018 U.S. [https://www.bloomberg.com/topics/silicon-valley] Global
[https://www.bloomberg.com/topics/global-tech] Startups
[https://www.bloomberg.com/topics/startups] Bloomberg Technology TV
[https://www.bloomberg.com/shows/bloomberg-technology] Gadgets With Gurman
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/special-reports/gadgets-with-gurman] Digital
Defense [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/special-reports/digital-defense] Studio
1.0 [https://www.bloomberg.com/studio-1] Focus On: Infrastructure
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/special-reports/focus-on-infrastructure] 
Politics [http://www.bloomberg.com/politics] Trump Scores His First Revised
Trade Deal, With South Korea
[https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2018-03-28/trump-scores-his-first-revised-trade-deal-with-south-korea] 
 Mar 27, 2018 Global Risk Briefing
[https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/global-risk-briefing/] All Signs Point to
Big Democratic Wins in 2018
[https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2018-midterm-elections-preview/] Trump Takes
Credit for Killing Hundreds of Regulations That Were Already Dead
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2017-12-11/trump-takes-credit-for-killing-hundreds-of-regulations-that-were-already-dead] 
 How China’s Top Leaders Came Into Power
[https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2017-china-party-congress/] How the Populist
Right Is Redrawing the Map of Europe
[https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2017-europe-populist-right/] Pursuits
[http://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits] Cars & Bikes
[https://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits/cars-bikes] Style & Grooming
[https://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits/style-grooming] Spend
[https://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits/spend] Watches & Gadgets
[https://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits/watches-gadgets] Food & Drinks
[https://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits/food-drinks] Travel
[https://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits/travel] Real Estate
[https://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits/real-estate] Art & Design
[https://www.bloomberg.com/pursuits/art-design] Brilliant Ideas
[https://www.bloomberg.com/shows/brilliant-ideas] Opinion Uber Can't Afford to
Be an Ugly American Abroad
[https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2018-03-27/uber-can-t-afford-to-be-an-ugly-american-abroad] 
 Mar 27, 2018 View [https://www.bloomberg.com/view/] Gadfly
[https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/] Businessweek
[http://www.bloomberg.com/businessweek] The Daily Prophet: When Will We Learn
Not to Bet Against Bonds?
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-27/the-daily-prophet-when-will-we-learn-not-to-bet-against-bonds-jfa4873y] 
 Mar 27, 2018 Latest Issue
[https://www.bloomberg.com/magazine/businessweek/18_14] Debrief Podcast
[https://www.bloomberg.com/podcasts/debrief] Subscribe
[https://subscribe.businessweek.com/servlet/OrdersGateway?cds_mag_code=BWK&cds_page_id=221240&source=coverstoryrail] 
 Footer [http://www.bloomberg.com/footer] Crypto
[https://www.bloomberg.com/crypto] Hyperdrive
[https://www.bloomberg.com/hyperdrive] Climate Changed
[https://www.bloomberg.com/climate-changed] Focus On: Women
[https://www.bloomberg.com/international-womens-day-2018] Graphics
[https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics] Billionaires
[https://www.bloomberg.com/billionaires/] Personal Finance
[https://www.bloomberg.com/personal-finance] Inspire GO
[https://www.bloomberg.com/segments/inspire-go] Sponsored Content
[https://www.bloomberg.com/sponsor/partnerships/] Send Tips
[https://www.bloomberg.com/tips/]
